Why do you want to leave me behind when you're done?
I've been so busy lately.
I'm too busy to answer the phone, right?
I tell you Xu Jingchuan
I know what you're thinking.
What the hell are you doing?
What crazy
Of course I'm crazy.
I'm about to be put on the list of broken hearts
What am I afraid of?
I'm short of money.
I've seen a lot of women like you
10 million in the card.
Don't harass me here in the future
We have 20 million
Xiaoning
Hey, why did you follow me?
I wanted to remind you
Zeyu and Xue Yuanlan also came
I know you don't want to see them.
Yeah, I know.
What's the matter? You've already met them.
Well, they didn't do anything to you, did they?
No one for you